we'll just see here how we build public Paul
gomes
tallec arthurzinho q2
by 2 to 1
There are some ways to put together that kubot capes like that is not culture is
to 1
parallelepiped
it's over if you already messed up
write head
it changes formatting right
one option is for you to make it return to that format
detroit that two by two by 4
and then you only do what you're going to do in that part of the way here
fischer all right
all the way you can ride used on these things that you've learned to
ride or three by three by four
the text says that the fact is that the media here
né fortão sentence that between the socks and you can ride those same two
by two by four the same way I turn three pots save all means
to buriti
but if it is going to mount the socks then it is vaia that return the ends the same way
three by three for 14 2
the duo three by three for two also the tables thing that their plans to
crying and going to ride
and in the end you'll have to tidy up the nooks and crannies
on the same day and can also be an option
but I'd rather do it another way
these these
these four people than these other 480 that of the medium
negus threatened that of tales the 4 of 4 low of cement
and the one that emails the socks are eight common pieces two by two
And you can ride this moment.
all this kernel as if it were a two products
that it's the messy skeleton
did it as well as two feet as if finishing riding is common two by
two
it goes into that two-by-two format by 400
do not have an error
It's just that he looks at me, he's just missing the songs.
as above
so come on first
a lot of my side